Wake up time is usually 0615. If there is time in between 0545 and the first fixed activity of the day, prayer can go there.
There should be 15 minutes of buffer time before and after a fixed appointment and a task
Bedtime is at 2230 every night. All activities must end before this time.
I want to prepare for bedtime at 2145 every night. All activities must end at this time.
Add a 15-minute buffer between all activities.
Add a 1-hour dinner break each evening around 1800 or 1900.
Add 15 minutes of Yoga at the end of each day (Mon-Thu)."
No flexible task block/deadline block should be more than 1 hour long.
The same task of the same subject OR type should NOT be put back to back.
Be Flexible. You can move anything that is not a FIXED APPOINTMENT around to fit around these things. You must break them up and spread them throughout the week.
Think of the time allocation as an allowance. You want to schedule the task so that the time allocation is met for that week, but not in one day.
The chunks should be spread throughout the week not done at once.
The 15-minute buffer rule will apply to all flexible tasks but not to back-to-back fixed appointments. I.e. if I have approximately 1 hour in between 2 fixed appointments, apply the buffer rule.
Every task will have a range or how long I want to do the task. If the range of the chunk size is 30 minutes to 1 hour, that means if there are 30 minutes available for a flexible task, you can put it there. If there are 45 minutes for a flexible task you can put it there. The same for 1 hour. Prioritize fitting tasks into smaller time blocks for hyper flexibility.
If you schedule the same subject back to back, then just make it one chunk.
Work can be done during Laundry and CQ Shifts.
Even if a task is composed of smaller time increments (like three 15-minute chunks), if I schedule those chunks consecutively, I must present them as a single, combined block of time in the final schedule. For example, three 15-minute reading sessions scheduled back-to-back should be displayed as one "45 min chunk."
Calling people or hanging out with friends should only happen in the evening after 1700.
In between a task and a fixed appointment I want 15 minutes of buffer time. In between a task and a task, I want 5-10 minutes of buffer time.
A workout should happen only once in a day.